docs(guide): example of loading python file from path at runtime in a way that it sees its dependencies (#2109)
PyO3/pyo3: guide/src/python_from_rust.md

```

The example below shows:
* how to load content of `app.py` at runtime so that it sees its dependencies
  automatically
* how to call function `run()` (declared in `app.py`) that needs function
  imported from `utils/foo.py`

> It is recommended to use an absolute paths because then your binary can be run
> from anywhere as long as your `app.py` is in expected directory (in example
> expected directory is `/usr/share/python_app`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to use absolute paths because then your binary can be run
from anywhere as long as your `app.py` is in the expected directory (in this example
that directory is `/usr/share/python_app`).
```
